gentlemen it's our privilege to see a
preview of my latest film my version of
dr. Jekyll and mr. Hyde which I have
adopted from the paperback by Robert
Lewis Stevenson just before he invented
the railway train and my leading lady I
have the charming delightful
unforgettable miss Judi Dench
miss Dench it's a great pleasure it's a
great pleasure for me well that's what I
meant
I've been a fan of yours ever since I
was so high I never forget you in
Jamaica in what do you mean that was a
film it was made over 30 years ago yeah
I don't look 30 do I know but I bet you
did when you were always concentrating
what on standing up
tell me Jenny
Judy what have you been doing recently
well I just had a season with the Royal
Shakespeare Company I had a very nice
role in the comedy of errors especially
written by Shakespeare did you find him
difficult to work with he's dead then
you would find it difficult well you
won't find me difficult no but you could
be difficult to find you know Julie judy
judy judy i am one of your biggest fans
and nothing in the world would induce me
to leave your sign yeah excuse me I know
it's yours
picture the Queen on it yeah but they
got a picture the Queen on a lot of a
number well sit down put the blindfold
on I'll do it for you Hey
I'm show you about that miss brunch
she's gone I don't know what I'm going
to do now know what what that suit where
did you get that suit made why that was
gonna be my second question
you'll be scoring more pop luck again
Wimbledon form I must be the murder for
you it was wistfully shouted new balls
out what you bet berserk
let me tell you mm-hmm let me tell you
about my latest film another film I will
do in a film
yes it's called dr. Jekyll and mr. Hyde
I see now in this I played the part of
the handsome dashing dr. Jekyll and you
play the part of his grotesque evil
counterpart mr. ha I shall play I shall
play the handsome doctor don't you feel
I should play the handsome doctor you
have a sir yes I think you're right
yes you should well quite well I think
the part of mr. Hyde is is beyond you
mean yes you see he was a he was a
wicked man you know really oh yes with
the girls and all that good or indulging
in debauchery with those women is that
with a capital D yes Oh fine indulging
with debauchery it's very difficult for
me yeah you're like a put out cigarette
he bought you with loose women all the
time
in and out of bed with the birds you
know I never stop really yes yes well I
don't think you are up to it
no I couldn't be if I didn't
over-rehearse force myself to play that
part you see because I am only 28 are
you ready
I just going to just my problem well do
it behind the curtain Scott it's a
family show well I'll be back in a flash
well why not
I'm very pleased to say that I'll be
playing the part of the d'marco magic
March excuse me now and that is what I
call it
done Hey
it's marvelous how they use the pump
it's a great thrill to be working the
voices changed as well that's fantastic
let's see finger Luxemburg well coming
on it's up to you you made him you keep
him I've always admired you hmm
I hope you won't think I'm too forward
yeah you put a frock on and you go
berserk you I keep reading about you in
tidbits sorry about that they spent such
an idiot oh don't overestimate him this
is my leading lady in the dr. Jekyll and
mr. Hyde
oh I don't apologize by honestly I do
apology cuz oh I've been fun of your
since he was so high
yes I really saw you in Jamaica Rin I
wasn't in Jamaica in what some poeple
another
you were stoned out of your mind
you were legless you jumped on the table
did the splits I said how long sales in
the Salvation Army captain and you let
the funny-looking cigarette me almond
Holmes no no no Jackie was the serum
judy judy was the start of cabarets
really yes in the West End she sang the
hit song all inside in the fie attack
outside no supposed to stand but would
you do it for is gonna do that
what good is sitting alone in your room
come hear the music come taste the wine
come hear the band come below your home
start sound reaching right this way
I suggest Ernie you and I gonna have a
shower before the show
who does this poll note on the floor
that's fine